Add pyenv (#33)
hypothesis/publisher-account-test-site: README.md

## Installing the publisher account test site in a development environment

### You will need

* The publisher account test site integrates with h and the Hypothesis client,
  so you will need to set up development environments for each of those before
  you can develop the publisher account test site:

  * https://h.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developing/install/
  * https://h.readthedocs.io/projects/client/en/latest/developers/developing/

* [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

* [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv)
  Follow the instructions in the pyenv README to install it.
  The Homebrew method works best on macOS.

### Clone the Git repo

    git clone https://github.com/hypothesis/publisher-account-test-site.git

This will download the code into a `publisher-account-test-site` directory in
your current working directory. You need to be in the
`publisher-account-test-site` directory from the remainder of the installation
process:

    cd publisher-account-test-site

### Create auth clients, groups and users in h

> You need to create a couple of things in the Hypothesis service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to create a few things in the Hypothesis service:
```

There are three items in the list that follows.
